[NARRATOR] Previously
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
Seven years have
passed since Cell's defeat.
Now, Gohan has enrolled in a
high school in Satan City,
intent on living like
any other teenager.
But his extraordinary
abilities are going
to single him out,
whether he likes it or not!
Yeah!
[ROBBER 1A, 1B groans]
[ROBBER 1D]
You made a big mistake!
[gasps]
[clanging]
[ROBBER 1D groans]
Ha!
[VIDEL] Huh?
[GOHAN yells]
I flew all this way for nothing.
Y'know, Miss Videl, it was that
Golden Warrior, as plain as day.
The Golden Warrior?
I know it sounds crazy,
but I think he might
be one of your classmates
over at Orange Star High School!
Huh?
He had a school badge on,
same as the
one you've got there.
[NARRATOR] On Gohan's
first day of school,
rumors of a "Golden
Warrior" were already
making their way
through the classroom.
Gohan!
The Golden Warrior was wearing
a badge from this high school.
A white shirt with a black vest,
and brown slacks.
And you're wearing
the same exact stuff!
It's just a coincidence!
What is up with this guy?
[gasps]
Wha--? Where did he--?
[GOHAN] School was
tougher than I thought!
And I had better fix the
Golden Warrior thing, quick!
My not having blond hair
won't fool them forever.
I wonder if Bulma
can help me out!
[NARRATOR] Can Bulma really keep
Gohan's alter-ego hidden away?
Find out now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
So, you want to
keep crime-fighting,
but you don't want the
people to know who you are.
Uh-huh. I was headin'
home from school
and I thought I'd stop by and
pick your brain about it--
what with you being
so smart and all.
Do you
have any ideas for me?
But of course! I am
a genius you know.
What if I whip up
a superhero outfit for you
then break it down
to the molecular level.
I can put it in
a capsule so you can
equip it in the
blink of an eye.
You can really do that?
Yeah, Bulma! Something
like that would be great!
You know Gohan,
most high school students
with extra time on their hands
just joing a club or something.
Make yourself at home.
Putting together your suit
shouldn't take more than
a couple of hours.
Couple of hours is all
it's gonna take you?
You're doing me
a huge favor with this.
I really owe you one.
You just sit tight, okay.
Hey, uh. I was thinking,
maybe I could
hang out with Trunks
while I wait.
I already did plenty of
sitting around in class.
I'm not sure what he's up to,
but Vegeta's probably putting
him through his paces over
in the Gravity Room.
Huh? Vegeta's
training him now?
Yeah, he said any son of
his is going to know how
to dominate his foes in a fight,
even if he is surrounded
by us weaklings.
I don't think he'll
let up on him until
Trunks is even
stronger than you are!
[GOHAN chuckles]
He'll be one strong little kid!
So, if I were the Gravity Room,
where would I be?
Aha!
How's it going, Trunks?
Whoa! Hey, Gohan!
Have you been here long?
Only for a couple minutes.
Lemme guess.
Did you and your dad just
finished up a training session?
[TRUNKS]
Yup!
[GOHAN] Uh.
Good afternoon, Vegeta.
I hope I'm not intruding.
Yeah.
Look at you.
When was the last
time you trained?
Just because things are peaceful
now is no excuse to get lazy.
Yessir.
Hey!
You feel like playing
a game with me?
Huh? Yeah, sure!
[BULMA] Your suit's
all done, Gohan!
Come and get it!
So all I have to do to get the
suit is press the red button?
Easy, huh?
That's awesome!
I want you to make
me one just like it!
Whoa! This is exactly
what I wanted!
So you like it?
Like it?
I love it!
This outfit's perfect!
Y'know Mom,
on second thought, I'm good.
Thanks again, Bulma!
Good seeing you, Trunks!
[TRUNKS]
See ya later, Gohan!
Come back soon so we
can play some more, okay?
It's time to head home,
Flying Nimbus!
Might as well go full speed,
since it's getting late.
Now I can fight crime without
anybody figuring
out that it's me!
Wait a second!
Since no one will know
who's in the superhero suit,
I could even wear it to fly
to school and back
each day, huh!
Hey, Flying Nimbus,
you feel like having
a race to see who
can get home quicker?
Let's do it!
Ready, set, go!
C'mon, stop being a slowpoke!
I'm about to go
even faster, Nimbus!
[laughs]
I made it to Satan
City in no time flat!
[gasps]
[tires screech]
[car horns honking]
Not today!
If you ain't gonna go fast,
then get the hell outta my way!
Pedal to the metal, man!
That's how we roll!
[GOHAN] I know I'm already
wearing the suit, but--
Transformation
call-out goes here!
[PUNKS yell]
[tires screech]
What's wrong with ya,
ya dumb little bastard?
You trying to get
yourself killed?
Did you appear outta
thin air or something?
Driving at that speed
is far too dangerous!
You could hurt
someone else, or yourself!
From now on,
you save those shenanigans
'til you're well
outside the city limits!
That'll be the day!
I ain't taking driving tips
from some weirdo in a
crazy getup standing in
the middle of the road!
Who do you think
you are, anyway?
Huh?
Who do I think I am?
Well, lemme think about that.
Hm...
That was rhetorical.
Guess he didn't get it.
I got it!
I am he who loves
justice above all else!
I am Great Saiyaman!
Great Saiy--
what's it now?
Uuuh...
[BOTH]
Uuh?
[laughing]
Are you for real? Does
your mommy know you
left the house
lookin' like that?
[PUNKS continue laughing]
And how did you get here,
Great Failureman?
Ya fly here in your spaceship?
Stop making fun of me!
Hey! It took a lot of thought
to come up with that name, okay?
Y'know, now that I think
about it, that really is one
hell of a superhero name
you've picked out there, Champ.
Our days of unsafe
driving are over!
[BOTH gasp]
You take it easy,
okay Great Saiyaman?
[PUNK 1]
Nice an' slow, yeah?
[PUNK 2] You don't
gotta tell me twice.
[GOHAN] Well, guess I
got through to 'em.
[NARRATOR] And so, tales of a
new hero, Great Saiyaman,
began to spread
like wildfire through
the homes and businesses
of Satan City.
[CHICHI screams]
What're you wearing, Gohan?
You scared me half to death!
[GOHAN]
Pretty cool, huh, Mom?
Bulma designed it!
[CHICHI] Good grief, it's like
you're 16 going on eight!
You remind me so much of
your father at times like this.
[GOTEN] Hey, Mom!
Look at what I caught!
Wow, is that you, big brother?
Where'd you get
that awesome outfit?
Glad to hear you like it, Goten!
[chuckles gleefully]
[BOTH chuckle]
[crickets chirping]
[GOHAN] I am justice's
unswerving chaperone.
Great Saiyaman!
I dunno--it's missing something.
Maybe I should go with
that one from three tries ago.
[GOTEN]
Hang in there, Gohan.
You'll get it.
Oh, yeah.
I think I've got
a winner this time.
The heavens call!
The earth cries out!
The crowd roars!
Telling me to
strike down malice!
Look upon my helmet and
know that I
will forgive no evil!
Know now that I am invincible!
The ultimate hero!
Great Saiyaman!
Yeah. I nailed it.
[GOTEN]
Wow, Gohan!
That one was the
coolest one of all!
[door handle clicks]
[CHICHI] Gohan!
Time to hit the hay,
don't you think?
The last thing we
need is for you to sleep
through your alarm on
the second day of school.
I'm not gonna oversleep, Mom.
[GOHAN]
Okay, I'm off!
[GOTEN] Have a
lotta fun at school!
Oh, and Gohan.
Be careful while you're flying.
And try to watch out for planes.
Uh-huh.
[GOHAN chuckles]
That suit is the best!
You look so awesome, Gohan!
It is pretty cool.
If you're good, I'll ask
Bulma to make you an
outfit just like it
one of these days!
[GOHAN] Flying Nimbus
is yours now!
Take good care of 'im!
Your brother
sure is happy today.
He transformed over
and over all morning.
My brother is the coolest!
[NARRATOR] This is Goten,
the younger brother of Gohan,
and the spitting image
of his father, Goku.
Born in the months after
Goku's heroic sacrifice
to win the battle against Cell.
[GOHAN] At this rate,
I'm gonna make it to school
in 20 minutes flat!
This is gonna work out great!
Guess I'll get to sleep in a
little bit later on school days.
[TEACHER] As I believe
I've mentioned before,
a covalent bond is
formed when an electron
inhabits the electron shells
of two different atoms.
Hey! Have you heard yet?
Word on the streets
is that a brand-new
superhero popped up
in town yesterday!
Sure hope the Golden Warrior
likes having competition!
Guess we'll see, huh?
[chuckles]
[GOHAN]
He's right behind you, guys!
His outfit is a
train-wreck,
but the guy is supposed
to be crazy strong!
He calls himself Great
Mayo Man, or something.
Hey, no he doesn't!
His name is Great Saiyaman!
[STUDENTS]
Huh?
Uh, how do you know what
a superhero calls himself?
Uh... well...
I heard it from a guy who
knows a guy who saw him?
Mind if I continue
with the miracle
of covalent bonds
down here, Gohan?
[watch beeps]
[VIDEL] Huh?
Videl here.
Go ahead, sir.
[POLICEMAN 2] Videl.
There's been a bus-jacking!
Down at the
East District terminal!
Three armed robbers
stormed their way onto a
senior citizens' tour bus
and are demanding
a ransom for their release!
We need help ASAP--!
[laughs]
Ya better make quick
with the cash, ya dig?
Or the blue hairs
are headed for
the yellow tour bus in the sky!
[POLICEMAN 2]
You're our only hope, Videl!
[yells]
[VIDEL] Headed out now!
Just hold on!
Sorry, Teach! I gotta go!
[TEACHER] Read chapter
three for homework!
And be careful!
So what was that
all about? I don't get it.
In her spare time, Videl
is kind of a superhero.
Huh?
That girl's a superhero?
Well yeah.
Her dad is Mr. Satan
and he saved the world
all those years ago.
I guess the apple didn't
fall far from the tree.
'cause the cops always
ask her for help!
So she's...
going to a shootout?
[chuckles]
Don't go underestimating
Videl, new kid.
I'm strong and all,
but she makes me
look like a
90-pound weakling.
They say she's
as strong as her dad,
and she's only getting stronger
with each passing day.
[GOHAN] They say Videl's
as strong as her dad, huh?
Only Mr. Satan wasn't
the all-powerful hero
everybody thinks he is! Hm.
Just where're you going?
[GOHAN]
I gotta pee!
Transform!
[GOHAN] Uh, where
is the bus terminal, anyway?
[BUSJACKER 2B] Hey, Boss!
That's the last of the cash!
Look, we gave you
all that ransom money,
just as you asked of us!
Now let those senior citizens
off the bus already!
[laughs intensely]
Yeah, about that.
[POLICEMEN yell]
Let's give 'em a tour!
[BUSJACKER 2C]
Right!
[POLICEMEN yell]
Lower those guns!
You're gonna
hit the hostages!
[SENIOR CITIZENS
chatter gleefully]
Finally, they got
this show on the road!
I wonder where they're
planning to take all of us.
[chuckles]
Getting kidnapped
is more excitement
than I've had in a
month of Sundays!
Yeah! We'll be the envy
of the old folks' home!
Over here, Mr. Criminal!
Say cheese like a good boy!
You're not the boss of me!
You guys are hostages, get it?
Three, two, one!
What are you doing,
you dumbass?
Keep your eyes on the road!
[police sirens wail]
Errr! Damn it!
[helicopter blades whirr]
[ALL gasp]
It's Videl!
Just in the nick of time!
[POLICEMEN cheer]
Huh?
Boss!
We got chopper trouble!
Huh?
That's the champion
of justice, Videl!
Phyllis! See if you
can get a picture of her!
Ah! Found 'em at last!
Well, she's off to a good start.
Damn it!
[VIDEL grunts]
[BUSJACKER 2A groans]
What is wrong with you punks?
Kidnapping a bus
full of old people?
Attagirl, Videl!
You give 'em a what-for!
Get up boys.
These photos are great!
[BUSJACKER 2A, VIDEL
grunting, yelling]
[BUSJACKER 2C grunts]
[yells]
Man up and take
your lumps, chicken-head!
[grunts]
[PHYLLIS]
Oooh.
A triple K.O.! Final score:
Videl, three;
busjackers, zero!
[OLD WOMAN 2C] You are
just the cutest thing!
[chuckles nervously]
Hold on! Who's drivin'?
[ALL gasp]
[ALL scream]
[ALL wail]
[SENIOR CITIZENS wailing]
[indistinctive chatter]
[VIDEL]
But that's impossible!
How?
[SENIOR CITIZENS cheering]
I'm really glad
I took this tour today!
It got the ol' ticker going,
that's for sure!
I wouldn't've missed
all this for the world!
So, who are you?
[chuckles]
I am the unmitigated
champion of justice!
Who tolerates no evil!
Great Saiyaman, at your service!
Uh...
[GOHAN] I'd say those
two hours of practice
last night just paid off!
[VIDEL] Wait.
This is Great Saiyaman?
But his introduction was
the cheesiest thing ever!
I'll leave the
rest to you, Videl.
Be seeing you!
[VIDEL] Hey, I never told
that guy what my name was!
[SENIOR CITIZENS
saying goodbyes]
[NARRATOR] Thanks to Gohan's
desire to help others,
and Bulma's suit,
Great Saiyaman has been born!
Trouncing thugs and
catching buses is easy enough,
but can Gohan keep his
alter-ego a secret from Videl?
Find out next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me--Goku!
Wow, helping people out sure
is keeping you busy, Gohan!
[GOHAN]
What can I say, Dad?
Being a superhero
is a full-time job!
[VIDEL] You may look like you
stumbled through a costume shop,
Great Saiyaman, but there's
no doubting how strong you are.
I'm gonna figure out
who's under that helmet,
you just wait!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Being a
champion of justice
is tougher than I thought!